Initial Pass at Significant Policies (#2)
FortAwesome/Security-Docs-and-Attestation: Incident_Response_Policy.md

# INCIDENT RESPONSE POLICY (DRAFT)

## Classification Level
Publicly available

## Review Information

__Mandatory Review Period__

Yearly

__Date of Last Review__

N/A

## Introduction

An incident response policy clearly defines the roles, responsibilities, and expectations around investigations and actions
associated with a cybersecurity incident, such as a data breach or other attack.

### Goal Statement

> As regards cybersecurity incidents, our focus is on restoring functionality while doing whatever is practical to maintain 

Reviewer: As in regards to cybersecurity incidents....(?)

any available information about the attack. However, given the generally very low risk nature of our solution, we will

> preference restoring functionality and maintaining client commitments first.

Reviewer: Is "prioritize" a better word here than "preference". It read weird to me.

understand how we deal with issues, especially those that might result in a loss of or degradation of service.

## Definitions 

### Terms

* Employee shall mean an individual directly employed by Fonticons Inc and all contractors, consultants, temporary employees, or business partners.
* Client shall mean a person or entity who installs or configures part or all of the Font Awesome free product/service for use on a website or product not owned or otherwise controlled by Fonticons.
* Incident shall mean any event, whether electronic, physical or social that adversely impacts the confidentiality, integrity or availability of Fonticons systems or data.
* Fonticons system shall mean any computers, communication systems, platforms, and any other information technology systems used by Fonticons Inc., to provide the Font Awesome product and service.
* Fonticons data shall mean data in any format collected, developed, maintained or managed by or on behalf of Fonticons Inc.
* Font Awesome product shall mean the icons, their digital representation, and associated icon functionality present in code.

> * Font Awesome service shall mean the technologies that make the Font Awesome product available to clients, users, and site users.

Reviewer: As with other documents should we expand Font Awesome to be any of our products and services?

## Policy 

> (Add pager duty, add status indicator page, add trevor info)

Reviewer: Seems like this needs to be added

1. All critical systems must have some level of automated monitoring and alerting.
1. All employees are responsible for monitoring potential incidents.
1. Any employee who detects an incident or potential incident must immediately report to our internal reporting tool.
1. Any employee can begin addressing an incident after reporting.
1. During an active incident all employees should consider the incident their top priority and should coordinate with the team to determine what actions they are expected to take to remedy the issue.

> 1. Upon detection of an incident impacting clients, the CTO or CEO will make an official statement via Twitter.

Reviewer 2: This is typically me that makes these announcements but I could also see Jory posting on Twitter. At some point you @alexpoiry or Tim may be using our communication tools (like our status page) to post.

So I have a suggestion
```suggestion
1. Upon detection of an incident impacting clients a discussion will occur internally and an appropriate employee will make an initial, official statement via Twitter and our status page.
```
